**Minutes 2022-02-01**

**Agenda**

The agenda is to be created before the meeting. It should start with action items from the last meeting, prefixed with a status flag: [done] / [in progress] / [not started].

**Action items from the previous meeting**

1. *[done] created a sequence of the audio dataset, focusing on the first five seconds of the audio. Made use of scipy find\_peaks to detect peaks in the said datset.*

[*https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/generated/scipy.signal.find_peaks.html*](https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/generated/scipy.signal.find_peaks.html)

1. *[in progress] Finding the locations of the first and second peak. Once that is done, we will study the samples to get the distance between down click and up click. It is more preferrable if we can manage to get the distance between the compressions. When we are aware of the distances, we can split down and up click to separate them. We need to be careful not to include down click with up click while splitting and vice versa. Therefore, when we get the clicks, we need to listen to them and plot them to confirm* 
1. *[not started] creating subsamples*

...

**Discussion notes**

*Things that were discussed during the meeting.*

*While detecting peaks, there were some conflicts because of difference in parameters. The height, threshold and distance must be chosen accordingly to the audio recorded from different phones. For example, certain parameters for the audio recorded from iPhone cannot produce same result for the audio recorded from Motorola. That is why, for now, we are okay even if there are some false positives or true negatives.*

*Once we find the locations of the peaks, we will study the samples to get the distance between down click and up click. It is more preferrable if we can manage to get the distance between the compressions. When we are aware of the distances, we can split down and up click to separate them. We need to be careful not to include down click with up click while splitting and vice versa. Therefore, when we get the clicks, we need to listen to them and plot them to confirm.*

*One of the approaches to obtain up and down click separately is to find the location of the first and second peak and find the distance between them. When that is done, we can split them from the middle.*

**Action items**

*To-dos until the next meeting. The list should include the supervisor's to-dos, prefixed with [VS].*

1. *Get the up clicks and down clicks.*
1. *Create the subsamples, look into the ML models.*
1. *[VS] Todo3*

**Next meeting**

2022-02-08


