**Minutes 2022-02-09**

The meeting was rescheduled from 2022-02-08 to 2022-02-09. The meeting was held physically at Laerdal Medical.

**Agenda**

The agenda is to be created before the meeting. It should start with action items from the last meeting, prefixed with a status flag: [done] / [in progress] / [not started].

**Action items from the previous meeting**

1. *[done] created a sequence of the audio dataset, focusing on the first five seconds of the audio. Made use of scipy find\_peaks to detect peaks in the said datset. [https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/generated/scipy.signal.find_peaks.html*](https://docs.scipy.org/doc/scipy/reference/generated/scipy.signal.find_peaks.html)*
1. *[in progress] still trying to isolate up and down clicks. So far made progress with finding the locations of up and down clicks.*
1. *[not started] creating subsamples*

**Discussion notes**

*Things that were discussed during the meeting.*

*The meeting started with the quick introduction of Laerdal Medical. We were shown around the office, and we got to see the real purpose of the projects we are doing, how it would be beneficial in the real world, helping people. We also got to see how different departments work, many equipment that are being used for our project. We also got to me Helge Myklebust, Corporate director and director of Strategic Research Department and Jon Tveit, a fellow student who is doing another project.* 

*More discussion on the ideas to isolate the clicks.*

**Action items**

*To-dos until the next meeting. The list should include the supervisor's to-dos, prefixed with [VS].*

1. *Get the up clicks and down clicks.*
1. *Create the subsamples, investigate ML models.*
1. *[VS] Todo3*

**Next meeting**

2022-02-22

